Add note about including remirror styles (#644)
remirror/remirror: docs/guide/installation.md

You will also notice that you are also installing `@remirror/pm`. This is a peer dependency to all the scoped `@remirror` packages which interact with `prosemirror-*`. It provides some assurances around the versions of prosemirror libraries being used and helps simplify the codebase.

## Required styles

> Remirror requires styles for the editor to function correctly across different browsers. Adding these styles are supported in with the following methods:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Remirror requires styles for the editor to function correctly across different browsers. These styles can be added in the following ways:
```

> ```Javascript

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```ts
```

// Plain CSS
import 'remirror/styles/all.css';
```

> ```Javascript

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```ts
```

// Or with emotion
import { AllStyledComponent } from '@remirror/styles/emotion';
```

> ```Javascript

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```ts
```

// Or with styled components
import { AllStyledComponent } from '@remirror/styles/styled-components';
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to use the `styled-components` or `emotion` variants you will need to also install `@remirror/styles`.

```

You will also notice that you are also installing `@remirror/pm`. This is a peer dependency to all the scoped `@remirror` packages which interact with `prosemirror-*`. It provides some assurances around the versions of prosemirror libraries being used and helps simplify the codebase.

## Browser support

> Remirror aims to be compatible with all browsers released since **2017**. For this it's required to included the remirror styles.

Reviewer: I think this might fail prettier linting.

> ```Javascript

Reviewer: I think it's best to move this section to a new block **Required styles**. It's not really a new or old browser issue. It's more that there are styles which Firefox, and even Chrome require. 

Without the styles on Chrome, whitespace doesn't get added properly. So, you can't insert a <kbd>Space</kbd> character at the end of the document. 

I guess the summary is that it fixes a bunch of browser inconsistencies and is required.
